# D2. Requirements

Group 01 – “Golf-n-Stuff”\
Group Members: Alden Smith, Kendall Callison, Tomas Jauregui, Andrew Milizia, 
Kristiana Kirk, Corey Moreno

## 1. Positioning
### 1.1 Problem statement
The problem of being board in the office and wanting to play a round of minigolf affects office workers, gamers, and golf enthusiasts alike; the impact of which is looking like you have nothing to do at your office desk and getting reprimanded by your supervisor.

### 1.2 Product Position Statement
For both office workers and gamers who have too much free time on their hands, Golf-N-Stuff is a minigolf simulator that will take that time right off your hands with no necessary downloads or payment! Unlike our main competitor "Golf It!", our product requires only a computer and internet connection and you're ready to slack off! Golf-N-Stuff is just one tab away from safety and slacking!

### 1.3 Value proposition
- Golf-N-Stuff is a browser-based mini golf simulator that allows office workers and gamers to slack off more efficiently without the need to worry. Having a free minigolf game right in your browser makes it all the more convenient to hide your office shenanigans from prying eyes.
- Office workers and gamers who need a more convient way to slack off.

## 2. Stakeholders
- Users: Gamers, golf enthusiasts, bored office workers that want to play a game on their computer.
- Competitors: MiniGolf (iPhone), Golf Champions (poki), 3D Mini Golf (browser game), Golf It!(steam game)
- Detractors: People who play real mini golf or are skeptical about browser games
- Developers: Alden Smith, Corey Moreno, Krisitana Kirk, Tomas Jauregui, Kendall Callison, Andrew Milizia



## 3. Functional requirements (features)
- Different levels have different maps
- Multiplayer
- Leader boards: must show the statistics of players
- Ease of use: simple to load on computer and play using easy controls
- Mechanics works properly: can control where to aim, how much power, etc.

## 4. Non-functional requirements
- Secrets
- Power ups
- Portability
- Avaliability

## 5. MVP
The minimum valiable product (MVP) for golf and stuff is going to be 3 mini golf levels that has scoring. The MVP will 
also include a Main menu that allows the user to play the game. They all coonect so once you 
hit play on the mian menu you start level 1 and when you finish level 1 you move onto level 2 and so on. we also want to have easy 
controls .This will allow us to get a great start in our project and allow us to do some of our other goals.

## 6. Use cases
### 6.1 Use case diagram


### 6.2 Use case descriptions

**Use Case**:
**Actor**:
**Description**:
**Preconditions**:
**Main Flow**:
1.
2.
etc. - remove this line once done
**Alternative Flow**:
**Subflows**:
**Key scenarios**:
**Post conditions**:
**Special requirements**:

## 7. User stories

**User story 1**: "As a <ROLE>, I want <SOMETHING> so that <GOAL>"
Priority: 
Estimated Hours: 

**User story 2**: "As a <ROLE>, I want <SOMETHING> so that <GOAL>"
Priorty: 
Estimated Hours:

**User story 3**: "As a <ROLE>, I want <SOMETHING> so that <GOAL>"
Priorty: 
Estimated Hours:
  
**User story 4**: "As a <ROLE>, I want <SOMETHING> so that <GOAL>"
Priorty: 
Estimated Hours:
  
**User story 5**: "As a <ROLE>, I want <SOMETHING> so that <GOAL>"
Priorty: 
Estimated Hours:
  
**User story 6**: "As a <ROLE>, I want <SOMETHING> so that <GOAL>"
Priorty: 
Estimated Hours:
  
**User story 7**: "As a <ROLE>, I want <SOMETHING> so that <GOAL>"
Priorty: 
Estimated Hours:
  
## 8. Issue Tracker
