### 1. Introduction
Golf-N-Stuff is a browser-based mini golf simulator that allows office workers and gamers to slack off more efficiently without the need to worry. Having a free minigolf game right in your browser makes it all the more convenient to hide your office shenanigans from prying eyes. With our intuitive and realistic golf controls it makes you feel like you are actually hitting the ball! Golf-N-Stuff offers a realistic and sophisticated golf ball physics system that will leave you in awe as you thwack the ball across the range. The creative level design we hand crafted will keep you captivated through the twists and turns of each course while you procrastinate other important tasks. Lastly with our advanced menu design and quality of life features you can easily pick up a new game or start a specific level. It’s so easy, even a toddler can play.\
\
Project repo: [Golf-N-Stuff](https://github.com/Major-Lag98/Golf-N-Stuff) \
Activity tracker: [Activity Tracker](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1M-PDM2CbciqlwUuVesri6JO3uoLaDBUZoQeGvvvWWRk/edit?usp=sharing)

### 2. Implemented Requirements
Requirement: \
Issue: <link to your GitHub issue> \
Pull request: \
Implemented by: \
Approved by: \
Print screen: 

### 3. Tests 


### 4. Adopted Technologies

**Technology 1:** 

Explain

**Technology 2:** 

Explain

**etc...** 

explain

**Summary:**

summary

### 5. Learning/Training


### 6. Deployment

### 7. Licensing 

### 8. Readme File

- [README.md](https://github.com/Major-Lag98/Golf-N-Stuff/blob/main/README.md)

- [CONTRIBUTING.md]

- [CODE OF CONDUCT.md]

- [LICENSE](https://github.com/Major-Lag98/Golf-N-Stuff/blob/main/LICENSE)

### 9. Look & Feel 

Write here

### 10. Lessons Learned

Write here

### 11. Demo

Demo Link - [Demo] 
